The Institute of Engineering and Technology, Patiala, has refused to treat the technical rees issued by TIET under Section 3 of the University Grants Commission Act, 1 956 (hereinafter referred to as 'UGC Act') as 'technical rees' without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. courses conducted by T IET, Patial a w ere without their approval and approval and approval of the All India Council for Technical Education ('AICTE') and the University Grants Commission of India ('UGC') for the reason that the B. Tech. The National Assessment and Accreditation Council, an autonomous body under the Ministry of Human Resources Development, Government of India, has granted recognition to TIET, Pa tiala for offering programmes through distance mode for a year on the bas is of which TIET, Patiala had offered B. Tech degree in Civi l / Comp uter Scie nce / Electrical / Mechanical Engineering to working professionals who already had a dip loma and had at least two yeas’ experience in the res pective branc hes in engine ering in the academic years 2007-08 and 2008-09. The petitioners had taken admission in the prestigious deemed to be university verily believin g that all approvals w ere in place .<n>TiET, Pa tiala was set up in 1956 for promoting the study of technical education and has a 250 acre campus located in Patiala with teaching facult y strengt h of 391, including 301 Ph. D. holde rs, and Wr it Peti tion (Civil) No. 1510 of 2018 Page 3 of 35 India Council for Technic al Education and Others .<n>TiET, Pa tiala had offered B. Tech degree in Civi l / Comp uter Scie nce / Electrical / Mechanical Engineering to working professionals who already had a dip loma and had at least two yeas’ experience in the res pective branc hes in engine ering in the academic years 2007-08 and 2008-09. The petitioners had taken admission in the prestigious deemed to be university verily believin g that all approvals w ere in place .<n>TiET, Pa tiala has a 250 acre campus located in Patiala with teaching facult y strengt h of 391, including 301 Ph. D. holde rs, and Wr it Peti tion (Civil) No. 1510 of 2018 Page 3 of 35 India Council for Technic al Education and Others . On April 10, 2018, the Orissa High Court ruled that the Institute of Technology, Patiala was not required to take any action under the provisions of the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 2001 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 2001 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997 and the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court also held that the institution was not required to take any action under the provisions of the Indian Institute of Technology Act, 1997. The Court held that no relaxation can be granted with regard to the basic things nece ssary for conf erment of a deg ree and if t he mandatory provisions are not complied with by a n administering authority, the action would be void .<n>The Court held that no relaxation can be granted with regard to the basic things nece ssary for conf erment of a deg ree and if t he mandatory provisions are not complied with by a n administering authority, the action would be void . The University Commission of India (UCI) has issued a final judgment in the case of Annamalai University (supra) where the Court of Appeal ruled that the provisions of Section 22 of the Open University Act of 2010 and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Court held that the provisions of Section 22 of the Act and Section 3 of the Act relating to the right of a university to confer degrees are unconstitutional. The Act was enacted by Parl iament in exercise of it's power under the Seventh Schedule to the Conitution of India. The Act was enacted by Parliament in exercise of its power under Entry 25 of List III there of. The ques tion of repugnancy of the prov isions of the prov isions of the two Acts, there fore, does not arise. The Supreme Court has upheld the constitutional validity of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2018. The Act was passed by the Andhra Pradesh Legislature in November 2014 and came into force on January 1, 2015 .<n>The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court also held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013 and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Court held that the provisions of the Act were not inconsistent with the provisions of the Constitution of India and the provisions of the Andhra Pradesh University Act, 2013. The Orissa High Court has held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court also held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the All India Council for Technical Education Act, 1989 (AICTE Act) and the Orissa University Act. The Court held that the provisions of the AICTE Act are concerned with the broader facets o f ‘technical education’ and the functions enumerated under sub-clauses (k), (m), (p), (q) and (n) of the AICTE Act are concerned with matters concernin g ‘technical institution s’ and the functio ns as set out in sub-clauses (g) and (o) apply to both ‘universities ’ and technica l education ’. The Court also held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court also held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the All India Council for Technical Education Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the Open University Act. The Court also held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the All India Council for Technical Education Act. The Court held that the provisions of the Orissa University Act are not in conflict with the provisions of the All India Council for Technical Education Act. The Orissa High Court has ruled that the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) is the sole repository of power to lay down parameters for 'technical education'<n>The Court held that the AICTE is the sole repository of power to lay down parameters o r qual itative norm s for 'technical education' and it would, therefore, not m atter whether the term 'technical instit ution' wou ldlud e a university /deemed to be university .<n>The Court also held that any idea or innovation in that field is also a part of the con cept of 'tech nical education' and must be in the exclusive domain of the AICTE . Technical education leading to the award of degrees in Engineering consists of im par ting of lessons in theory as well as practic als. The practicals form the bac kbone of such education which is hands-on approach involving actual application of principles taught in theory under the watchful eyes of de monstrators or lecturers. The practicals constitute an integral part of the technical education system. If this established concept of technica l education as a qualitative norm is to be modifi ed or altered an d in a given case t o be substituted by distance edu cation learning, then as a concept AICTE ought to have accepted it in clear terms. What parameters ought to be satisfied Wr it Peti tion (Civil) No. 1510 of 2018 Page 14 of 35 if the regular cour se of imparting technical education i s in any way to be modified or altered, is for AICTE alone to decide. The decis ion must be specific and unequivocal and cannot be inferred merely because of absence of any guidelines in the matter. No such decision was ever expressed by AICTE . The Orissa High Court has ruled that the Distance Education Council of India (DEC) and the University Grants Commission (UGC) are not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines for establishing new departments within the campus, setting up of off-campus centres, and starting distance education courses. The court held that the DEC andUGC are not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court ruled that the DEC andUGC are not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court ruled that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court also held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The court held that the University Grants Commission (UGC) is not to be held responsible for the non-compliance of the 2004 Guidelines. The Orissa High Court has ruled that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court also ruled that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court also held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court also held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court also held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in a field of technological subject is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The court also held that an engineering college which was granted deemed university status by the AICTE for its excellence in that field is entitled to the same protection as a deemed university for its academic excellence in that field. The Supreme Court has ruled that a deemed university can introduce courses in engineering without the approval of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The AICTE rules state that the deemed to be unis cannot claim immunity from the control of the ACTE. The ACTE rules also state that the deemed to be unis cannot impart higher education through regular mode. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the AICTE and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The AICTE rules state that the deemed to be unis cannot claim immunity from the control of the ACTE. The ACTE rules also state that the deemed to be unis cannot impart higher education through regular mode. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the ACTE and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the ACTE and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The AICTE rules also state that the deemed to be unis cannot impart higher education through regular mode. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the ACTE and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The AICTE rules also state that the deemed to be unis cannot impart higher education through regular mode. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the ACTE and Rules of the Council for Higher Education (CHE) of the AICTE. The AICTE rules also state that the deemed to be unis cannot impart higher education through regular mode. The Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited has been found guilty of violating the provisions of the Rules of the ACTE and Rules of the ACTE. The Delhi High Court has ordered that all engineering degrees awarded to students during the academic years 2001 to 2005 should be recalled by the concerned universities. The Court also suspended the degree awarded to those students who had been enrolled during the same period. The order was made in response to an application filed by the Association of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (AIC TE-UGC) seeking an order to recall all the engineering degrees awarded to students during the academic years 2001 to 2005 by the concerned universities. The TE-UGC had alleged that the universities had entered into areas where they had no experience and started conducting courses through distance education system illegally. The TE-UGC had also alleged that the facilities available at the concerned study centers were not checked nor any inspe ctions were conducted. The Court held that there was a need to protect the interest of those students who were enrolled during the academic sessions 2001 to 2005 and ordered that all the degrees should be recalled by the concerned universities. The Court also suspended the degree awarded to those students who had been enrolled during the same period. The order was made in response to an application filed by the Association of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (AIC TE-UGC) seeking an order to recall all the engineering degrees awarded to students during the academic years 2001 to 2005 by the concerned universities. The Court also suspended the degree awarded to those students who had been enrolled during the same period. The order was made in response to an application filed by the Association of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (AIC TE-UGC) seeking an order to recall all the engineering degrees awarded to students during the academic years 2001 to 2005 by the concerned universities. The TE-UGC had also alleged that the facilities available at the concerned study centers were not checked nor any inspe ctions were conducted. The Court held that there was a need to protect the interest of those students who were enrolled during the academic sessions 2001 to 2005 and ordered that all the degrees should be recalled by the concerned universities. On January 22, 2019, the Orissa High Court ruled that the Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited (ORICL) had failed to comply with the provisions of Section 25 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Section 10(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 10(a) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Exchange Act) Rules, 2015 and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and Rules 10(b) and (c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and Rules 10(b) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(b) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) and Rules 10(c) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10(c) The Orissa High Court has ruled that the students of Orissa Lift Irrigation Cor, Limi ted I and II, should be eligible to appear for the exam conducted by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) in terms of the judgment in Orissa Lift Irrigation Cor  Limi ted I and II. The Court has also ruled that the students should be eligible to appear for the exam conducted by the AICTE in terms of the judgment in Orissa Lift Irrigation Cor  Limi ted I and II. The Court has also ruled that the students are not entitled to relief as was granted to t he peti tion ers in Oris sa Lift Irrigation Cor pora tion Limite d I and II. The Court, therefore, granted a one-time relax ation to the candidate s who h ad enr olled themselves during the acade mic year s 2001-2005, held th at c andid ates would, in terms o f the judgment in Orissa Lift Irrigation Cor  Limi ted I and II, be eligible to appear for th e test con ducted by the AICTE. The Court rejected the plea that the petitioner s are entitled to relief as was granted to t he peti tion ers in Oris sa Lift Irrigation Cor pora tion Limite d I and II. This content is unacceptable for the reason that in Orissa Lift Irrigation Cor pora tion Limite d I and II, no relief was granted to t he candi dates who had take nadmis sion in 2005 or th ereafter . The Department of Education, Government of India (DEC) has issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. According to the notice issued on July 9, 2018, the NOU was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The notice further alleges that the Department of Education, Government of India issued a list of universities which were not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The notice further alleges that the Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The notice further alleges that the Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The notice further alleges that the Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The Department of Education, Government of India issued a notice to the Director General of Education, Punjab, seeking explanation as to why the National Open University of India (NOU) was not recognized by the Department of Education, Government of India. The Department of Education, Government of India has issued a letter to the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Thapar University, Pati, Punjab, informing him that the university has been granted recognition for offering programmes through distance mode in the next academic year. According to the letter, the university had submitted an application to the Department of Education in June 2018 seeking recognition for offering programmes through distance mode. The letter further states that the application was submitted by TIET, Pati ala but no specific reference was made to the p rogrammes or courses offered nor the date when the ap plication was filed. The letter further states that the university has been granted recognition for offering programmes (approved by the s tatutory b odies of your univers ity) throu gh distanc e mo de for a peri od of one - year w. e. f. date of issue of issue of the letter is letter. However, for reco gnition of your institution for offering programmes through distance mode in the next academic year, i.e. from June e-July, 20 08, you are req uested to submit a fresh a pplication in th e prescribed format developed by the DEC which may be downloaded from the D EC website: www.dec.ac.in. The letter further states that the Department of Education has decided not to insist on territoria l jurisdic tion to be allo wed by instituti ons in off-ering programmes through distance mo de and on that matter, uni versities should be governed b y their own Acts a nd Statutes. The letter further states that the university has been granted recognition for offering programmes (approved by the s tatutory b odies) throu gh distanc e mo de for a peri od of one - year w. e. f. date of issue of issue of the letter. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court of India against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The action is being taken on behalf of the U.S. Attorney General's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi and the All India Council for Higher Education (A ICTE). The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court of India against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court of India against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court of India against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New Delhi has filed a civil action in the Supreme Court against TIE T, Patiala for failing to take their prior approval to offer B. Tech degree courses through Distance Education mode. The U.S. Attorney's Office for the The Department of Education and Training, Government of India has issued an additional affidavit in which it has admitted that TIET, Patiala had not applied to the f or the previous academic for offering B. Tech degree courses through distance education. This is surprising as TIE T, Patiala had not applied to the f or the previous academic Wr it Peti tion (Civil) No. 1510 of 2018 Page 29 of 35 session i.e. 2007-2008. The additional affidavit refers to correspondence ex changed between the DEC and TIET, Patiala to whi ch a Joint Expert Committee was constit uted to assess a dminis trati on and management of distance learni ng programmes offered by TIET, Patiala .<n>The Joint Expert Committee had recommended recognition of as many as se ven progr ammes for a period of five years. The Central Government had issued a notificati on 2nd July, 2009 that the B. Tech degree s would not be offered th rough open d istance lea rning pro gramme. The DEC had to immediately withdraw the permission to various institution s to conduct B. Te ch. degree courses through distance education mode and no further student was admitted in the current year and therea fter . However, the no tification states that those who had alrea dy been admitted would have to pass practical s and written exa mination as ma y be pr escribed so as to obta in the B. Tech s through distance education. The no tification states that those who had alrea dy been admitted would have to pass practical s and written exa mination as ma y be pr escribed so as to obta in the B. Tech s through distance education. The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) have issued a joint statement on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Council. The joint statement was issued by the Principal Secretary to the Government of India, Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development, Ministry of Education, Government of India, and Director General of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) respectively. The joint statement was in response to an earlier press release issued by the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) on February 4, 2007 on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The joint statement was in response to an earlier press release issued by the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) on February 4, 2007 on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC). The joint statement was issued by the Principal Secretary to the Government of India, Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Human Resource Development, Ministry of Education, Government of India, and Director General of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) respectively. The joint statement was in response to an earlier press release issued by the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) on February 4, 2007 on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The joint statement was in response to an earlier press release issued by the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) on February 4, 2007 on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The joint statement was in response to an earlier press release issued by the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) on February 4, 2007 on the issue of technical education institutions offering distance education courses without the approval of the Dista ncetio n Council (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (DEC) The Orissa High Court has ruled that the State Education Commission (DEC) has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court also ruled that the DEC has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court ruled that the DEC has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court also ruled that the State Education Commission (DEC) has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court also ruled that the State Education Commission (DEC) has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court ruled that the State Education Commission (DEC) has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and can not recognise such degrees without any specific app roval of the AICTE and the learning council. The Court also ruled that the State Education Commission (DEC) has no powers to award B. Tech degrees without the approval of the State Education Commission (DEC) and the All India Council for Technical Education (DEC) The Orissa High Court has ruled that the Distance Education Commission (DEC) has no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The DEC was set up by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India in 1991 to regulate distance education. In 2012, the Madhava Menon Committee report stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of the Indian Association of Distance Education (AICT) or the Association of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (AICT) and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. The Court held that the Madhava Menon Committee report had stated that there was no representation for any member or representative of AICT or ACTE and that the DEC had no authority to sanction distance education programmes. On August 29, 2019, the High Court of New Delhi issued a temporary restraining order against the Ministry of Education, Government of India, and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) for failing to comply with the provisions of Section 15 of the Indian Education Act, 1956 and Section 10 of the National Education Standards Act, 1997. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of technical education courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 10 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered in conventional mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 10 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered in conventional mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of courses offered through open and distance learning mode. Section 15 of the Act provides for recognition of
